hello and welcome to a new
guide to the disastrous tournament
venerable gold let's see how
beat late underneath one of the three
meters then the team that I use
she is composed of the young explains
deadly of a scary crate and a
wide of the jungle
so we will start with the young
explains we put a chromosome there
then we will put a pressure shot
blinding
me
and behind to make a small injury
piercing you so there normally at
next turn must use his crack
death so not to lose two rounds
we're going to put the crappy crate
here is the creepy cash we go
make a small storm back
then a baneful curse and there we
gets itx on the art of the jungle so
is actually the tank of the group that has
power tank and with so long consumer
to put a shot of the acid
so we bury it
and that's the second rule
so is there if he had to pretend it the
dead who was supported will use them
immediately we will put ourselves in a
little look he finally not all of
following since we ashton in contracts
gone there it's really out of luck
because here he's going to reuse his crack
death so what are we going to do is
we're going to get new lakes
creepy
for matt a storm das like that one
finish the pen behind that
then a cursed curse a
agony
after we get home the young man explains deadly
still in violent poison
the
then a wound piercing you
and a small wooden cross zone and
party favors will let play that is to say the
next turn and here we beat tarbes
play soon for a new guide